Hi within this lecture regrouping to see how we can get the values that we want from this JCU response
so that we can finalize our app.
So what we want is to have a dictionary in here so that we can get the values that we want.
And this time if you write Jason's response you will see that this has the object type of any.
So first of all I don't want this to be any object.
I want this to be a dictionary so that I can get whatever I want from out of this dictionary.
OK.
And best way to do this actually.
Cat casting.
This Jason responds to be a dictionary.
So I'm going to cast this to be a dictionary of string to any.
Okay so why am I doing this.
Like can I do a string to string or string two integer.
No I cannot do that I have to cast as a string to any.
Because remember if you go to other actual data you will see that this is a string.
The keys are actually strings but the values are not strings so this is a boolean disease an integer.
So this is a string and this is actually a dictionary itself.
So we have every kind of objects in the value type so I cannot do a single value here so I have to do
is drink to any dictionary.
So if you're working with another API another response of course you can do something like string to
shrink but in our case it's not string to string or string to integer it's string to any.
And once I do that I can't try to get the values by providing some cheese.
For example let me try to print the success of this Jason response.
So this is either going to be true or false are something like 1 or 0.
OK so let me print this out and we're going to see the results in the logs once we hit get rates.
And as you can see we see the van.
So this is optional right now but we're going to take care of that.
And if this was a failure then I would have gotten zero.
Now it means that I'm getting the success.
So can I get this right dictionary.
So I'm not interested in the timestamp bays or data right now but I'm interested in the rates.
So this will give me a dictionary as well.
Right.
And I'm interested in that dictionary.
So this is going to be the rates of keys and the values of the rates.
So if I say rates over here it will surely print out the rates.
Right.
So I'm digging my way one by one till I reach the values that I want.
As you can see.
So here you go.
Now I have the rates.
So this is good.
Now all I have to do is just to create a structure that I can use this as a dictionary as well.
So this is kind of optional right.
Now I cannot be sure of the types.
OK.
So I'm going to use the flat in order to cast this as a dictionary.
We're going to see what we are getting clearly.
OK.
So I'm going to say a flat rate and this is going to be Jason response rates.
I'm going to cast this optionally as a string to any dictionary.
And let me open curly braces in here.
And this time this string to any actually can be something like string to double or string to integer
as you can see this kind of looks like a double but it may be a string as well in order to understand
this.
I'm going to print the rates so let me print the rates are we going to see the actual rates in here
once we click on this gets rates above them.
And here you go.
Now as you can see the keys are strings and the values look like doubles K rather than strings.
Of course we can still test design we can actually see if this works or not.
And best way to do this since we have this dictionary is a string to any.
We can just call whatever we want.
Okay whatever key where they we value that we want and we can't try to cast this as double or cast as
teacher or test is a string.
Then we can be sure of the type.
Once we do that we are going to display them in our label says vote.
So this is kind of the end of our app.
Okay so I'm going to say if that and we can just start working with CJD.
Okay so this is Canadian dollars and this is going to be something like a rates.
Okay I'm going to call this rights dictionary and in the key I'm going to U.S.A. D it's uppercase letters
of curse and I will try to cast as optionally as strings first.
Okay so this is going to be string and I will see if this works or not.
So let me try to print this cat and let me run this.
OK.
And let's see if we can print the cat or not.
So the value looks like double to me.
And as you can see once I hit the get get rates I don't see the results.
So let's try to do this like a double.
And this time I believe we're going to see the results and then we can start working on our process
with other values as well as you can see.
Now we have one point four eight in the cat.
And in order to be sure you can't go over this browser and look the value of CAD.
Yep this is 148.
So this actually works.
Now you see the importance of studying your Jason response as you can see we get the double.
And we have a string to any dictionary and we try to cast as a string and it didn't work.
So now I had to cast as as double.
So if you're working with another API or another Jason response you have to make sure that you adjust
codes according to their structure.
OK.
And in here I'm going to say South that Chad labeled dog tags and this is going to be Chad.
And since this gives me a double I'm going to do this like this string cat.
So all we need to do is just run this and let's see if we can display this cat value in the CAT label.
And here you go.
So this is working.
And this is not exactly what I want.
Let me do it like this.
Let me create this string over here as say cat column.
And open this back backslash parentheses with Cat.
And this will convert these interests drink automatically so that we can have a nicer look like this.
Here you go.
Now it's working.
So we're going to do this for other currencies as well.
So I'm going to copy and paste this six times.
OK.
So let me go over here and paste all of this.
Now instead of CAD I'm going to go for C H F.
So this is going to be my Swiss franc and this is CHF that's these big letters and this one as well.
And in the church one I'm going to have GBP.
So this is GBP and GBP again.
And this is great Britain pounds.
So the fourth one is Japanese yen.
So JP Vi.
Okay.
So this is again JPY.
Let me change all of this JPY and the fifth one USD.
Yep the popular Rome USD the US the USD and again the USD.
So here we go.
Final one.
Yeah.
We cannot say TR VI because it will confuse it for try.
So I'm going to call this Turkish.
OK.
We can't say to our why in here and here as well.
But this will be Turkish and we don't need the seventh one.
So I believe we are ready to test this.
Let me run this and let's see if we can get all the details in here.
OK.
Let's click on the Get rates.
And here you go.
We didn't get the data because I didn't change the label variables at all.
So in here we have to have C H F label GBP label JPY label U.S. the label and this t r y label.
Now let's try one more time and hopefully we will get this right this time.
OK let's run this in our simulator and hit the button.
And here you go.
Now we have the rights.
So this is cool.
Now we are getting information from the Internet and we're getting this from an API.
And we're passing we're processing the Jason data and he can use does API you can use this Jason techniques
in other API has other projects other platforms as well.
I believe you're not ready to go with something big like Facebook or Twitter at this point but you can
try something with like a weather API some simple API like this.
And after you complete this cars I'm sure you're going to be ready to go.
Go ahead and work with some big API like Facebook or other runs and you will actually be more capable
of using Swift's once you complete this cars like the Advanced swift section and other sections as well.
And this will give you a big freedom you know to integrate data as from the cloud servers and use it
on your own apps.
And this is not even the only thing that's we're going to be doing with the cloud servers our internet.
We're going to learn to fire your base we're going to create our users we're going to save data to a
database.
We're going to upload some image.
We're going to download some images as well.
And it will be much more clear to you to how to use cloud servers in your abs.
Once we do that both for right now.
Congratulations on your first Internet active app.
So let's stop here and continue within the next section.